HERO PAGE
Welcome and thank you for visiting V.A Properties & Homes Uyo, and your best resource for buying, renting & leasing land & real estate in Uyo, Akwa-Ibom State.
Invest in Land & Property in Uyo from NGN 2,000,000 (USD 4,700)


WHY CHOOSE US
We connect you to exquisite properties and lands at prime locations for either commercial, residential or leisure purposes.

We get to know you on a personal level and help you make us understand your preferences, which in turn allows us give you a solid recommendation when choosing a home or landed property.

We also offer you the opportunity of working very closely with an architect in crafting a building plan of your dream, uniquely designed to suit your personality. 

We connect you to property deals with flexible payment plans offering financial comfortability and peace of mind. 

Upon your request, we keep you updated with new & available property listings, real estate investment opportunities and discounted land sales in Uyo, Akwa-Ibom State.

WHY TO CALL UYO HOME
• Safety & Security
Having earned it's place as one of the safest Cities in Nigeria, Akwa-Ibom boasts of low crime rates and a friendly environment where peace & communal living thrive.

• Diversity & Communal Harmony 
Composed of people with a variety of demographic characteristics yet still maintaining a united ethnicity, the state consisting of warm and inviting citizens, beacons as an amicable state opening its arms to culturally & ethnically diverse residents.

• Smooth & Easy Accessibility 
Home to one of Nigeria's fastest growing airlines (Ibom Air), Akwa-Ibom enables easy access to the rest of Nigeria via air, land and as just recently being introduced, sea. 

• Rapid Development Tendencies
The city of Uyo stands with rapid development tendencies and in coming years, will reach it's ideal height of commercial greatness. The state believes in her ability to create flourishing communities while doing so. An investment in Uyo's real estate market provides you unrivalled advantages in the long run.

Buy, rent or lease a home in Uyo through V.A and enjoy the satisfaction you deserve.

Register your Interest
Field 1: First Name
Field 2: Last Name
Field 3: E-mail
Field 4: Phone No. 
Action button: Enquire now


...........................................................................................
ABOUT US
• Our Company
V.A properties and homes offer Nigerians a smooth and easy way to find landed property, houses and apartments in Akwa-Ibom State. We bring creative solutions to real estate challenges, and having an unmatched and vast local knowledge of Uyo metropolis & its environs, we are your best bet to acquiring the property of your dreams.

• Our Vision & Approach
To create a uniqueness in our functionality that converts every customers dreams to reality using our '3C' approach.
×Commitment- we aim to ensure the satisfaction of our customers and we aren’t satisfied until you are.
×Competence- our staff at V.A properties and homes are highly trained hence our clients are offered only highly proficient services.
×Consistency- we pay attention to the details that make the process of owning a piece of earth, home & property special.


• Our Team
Managing Director
Graham, Favour Edidiong

Operations Director
Tom, Archibong 

Legal Advisers
Virtual Attorneys Consult



YOUR INSPECTION TRIP IS ON US!
Book now and we will go an extra mile to get you a free Inspection trip to and from Rejoice Gardens Estate.


For listings in Lagos specifically, you can contact our mother company through ...

Contact us: 
📧: vapropertiesandhomesuyo@gmail.com
IG: vapropertiesandhomesuyo
FB: vapropertiesandhomesuyo
☎: 07030275140

V.A. Properties and homes is fast becoming a leading brand at the forefront of the Nigerian real estate market since 2020, delivering residential, commercial and leisure properties in Lagos and its environs and having expanded to Akwa-Ibom likewise providing investment opportunities.

We also are in partnerships with over 30 real estate investment & development firms across Nigeria.